Release v1.5.2 (#4821)
operator-framework/operator-sdk: changelog/generated/v1.5.2.md

## v1.5.2

> No changes for this release!

Reviewer: Can you add a note about this being a security release and to bump images from previous v1.5 to v1.5.2

## v1.5.2

No changes for this release!

**Note**

> This is a security release, wherein base images have been bumped to a higher version. It is suggested that you bump your `operator-sdk` version from v1.5.0 to v1.5.2.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a security release, wherein base images have been patched. It is recommended that you bump your project’s base image from a previous v1.5 patch tag to v1.5.2.
```
